Added new section for CLI tool and updated environment variable [8974] (#184)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS-docs: docs/fastddscli/cli/cli.rst

+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``-p  --port``           | Creates a server with a backup file associated.                                           |
+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``-b  --backup``         | Creates a server with a backup file associated.                                           |
+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Examples
^^^^^^^^

Launch a default server with id 0 (first on ROS_DISCOVERY_SERVER)
listening on all available interfaces on UDP port 11811. Only one
server can use default values per machine.

.. code-block:: bash

    fastdds discovery -i 0

Launch a default server with id 1 (second on ROS_DISCOVERY_SERVER)
listening on localhost with UDP port 14520. Only localhost clients
can reach the server using as ROS_DISCOVERY_SERVER=;127.0.0.1:14520

.. code-block:: bash

    fastdds discovery -i 1 -l 127.0.0.1 -p 14520

Launch a default server with id 3 (third on ROS_DISCOVERY_SERVER)

> listening on Wi-Fi (192.168.36.34) and Ethernet (172.20.96.1) local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
listening on WiFi (192.168.36.34) and Ethernet (172.20.96.1) local
```

interfaces with UDP ports 8783 and 51083 respectively
(addresses and ports are made up for the example).

.. code-block:: bash

    fastdds discovery -i 1 -l 192.168.36.34 -p 14520 -l 172.20.96.1 -p 51083

Launch a default server with id 4 (fourth on ROS_DISCOVERY_SERVER)
listening on 172.30.144.1 with UDP port 12345 and provided with a
backup file. If the server crashes it will automatically restore its
previous state when reenacted.

.. code-block:: bash

    fastdds discovery -i 1 -l 172.30.144.1 -p 12345 -b

shm
---

Provides maintenance tasks related with :ref:`transport_sharedMemory_sharedMemory`.

.. code-block:: bash

    fastdds shm [<shm-command>]

+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Command                  | Description                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sub-command                  | Description                                                                               |
```

.. include:: ../../03-exports/roles.include

.. _ffastddscli_cli:

CLI
===

The *Fast DDS* command line interface provides a set commands and sub-commands to perform, *Fast DDS*
related, maintenance and configuration tasks.

An executable file for Linux and Windows that runs the *Fast DDS CLI* application is

> available in the ``tools`` folder.

Reviewer: Folder  names in italics
```suggestion
available in the `tools` folder.
```

> If the ``tools/fastdds`` folder path is added to the ``PATH``, or by sourcing the `<path/to/fastdds>/install/setup.bash`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `tools/fastdds` folder path is added to the ``PATH``, or by sourcing the `<path/to/fastdds>/install/setup.bash`
```

> environment variable, *Fast DDS CLI* can be executed running the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration file, *Fast DDS CLI* can be executed running the following commands:
```

- Linux:

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ fastdds <command> [<command-args>]

-  Windows:

    .. code-block:: bash

        > fastdds.bat <command> [<command-args>]

> 

Reviewer: Introduction to the table. "There are two verbs which functionality is outlined in the following table...."

| Verbs                    | Description                                                                               |
+==========================+===========================================================================================+
| ``discovery``            | Launches a server for :ref:`Server-Client Discovery<discovery_server>`.                   |
+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``shm``                  | Allows manual cleaning of garbage files that may be generated by                          |
|                          | :ref:`transport_sharedMemory_sharedMemory`                                                |
+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. _cli_discovery:

discovery
---------

Launches a server for :ref:`Server-Client Discovery<discovery_server>`. This server will manage the messages of the
clients which are pointed to its IP address.
Clients must be aware of how to reach the server by specifying an IP address and a transport protocol like UDP

> or TCP. Servers don’t need any beforehand knowledge of their clients but require a listening IP address, where they

Reviewer: Don't use contractions.

```suggestion
or TCP. Servers do not need any beforehand knowledge of their clients but require a listening IP address, where they
```

> or TCP. Servers don’t need any beforehand knowledge of their clients but require a listening IP address, where they
> may be reached, to be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or TCP. Servers don’t need any knowledge of their clients beforehand, but require the specification of a listening IP address, where they
may be reached.
```

> may be reached, to be specified.

Reviewer: Refer to Discovery section https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-RTPS-docs/pull/184#discussion_r462940374

.. code-block:: bash

    fastdds discovery -i {0-255} [optional parameters]

Where the parameters are:

+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Parameter                | Description                                                                               |
+==========================+===========================================================================================+

> | ``-i  --server-id``      | Mandatory unique server identifier. Specifies zero based server position in |br|          |

Reviewer: This option in the next table and mandatory in bold.

|                          | ``ROS_DISCOVERY_SERVER`` environment variable.                                            |
+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

And the options are:

+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Option                   | Description                                                                               |
+==========================+===========================================================================================+
| ``-h  -help``            | Produce help message.                                                                     |
+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``-l  --ip-address``     | IP address chosen to listen the clients. Defaults to any (0.0.0.0)                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``-l  --ip-address``     | IP address chosen to listen the clients. Defaults to any (0.0.0.0).                       |
```

+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``-p  --port``           | UDP port chosen to listen the clients. Defaults to '11811'                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``-p  --port``           | UDP port chosen to listen the clients. Defaults to '11811'.                               |
```

+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``-b  --backup``         | Creates a server with a backup file associated.                                           |
+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Examples
^^^^^^^^

1.  Launch a default server with id 0 (first on ``ROS_DISCOVERY_SERVER``)
    listening on all available interfaces on UDP port '11811'. Only one
    server can use default values per machine.

    .. code-block:: bash

        fastdds discovery -i 0

2.  Launch a default server with id 1 (second on ``ROS_DISCOVERY_SERVER``)
    listening on localhost with UDP port 14520. Only localhost clients

>     can reach the server defining as ``ROS_DISCOVERY_SERVER`` =;127.0.0.1:14520 .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    can reach the server defining as `ROS_DISCOVERY_SERVER=;127.0.0.1:14520` .
```

    .. code-block:: bash

        fastdds discovery -i 1 -l 127.0.0.1 -p 14520

3.  Launch a default server with id 3 (third on ``ROS_DISCOVERY_SERVER``)
    listening on WiFi (192.168.36.34) and Ethernet (172.20.96.1) local
    interfaces with UDP ports 8783 and 51083 respectively
    (addresses and ports are made up for the example).

    .. code-block:: bash

        fastdds discovery -i 1 -l 192.168.36.34 -p 14520 -l 172.20.96.1 -p 51083

4.  Launch a default server with id 4 (fourth on ``ROS_DISCOVERY_SERVER``)
    listening on 172.30.144.1 with UDP port 12345 and provided with a
    backup file. If the server crashes it will automatically restore its
    previous state when re-enacted.

    .. code-block:: bash

        fastdds discovery -i 1 -l 172.30.144.1 -p 12345 -b

.. _cli_shm:

shm
---

> Provides maintenance tasks related with :ref:`transport_sharedMemory_sharedMemory`. Shared memory creates

Reviewer: Shared Memory transport or SHM but not Shared memory

> ::ref:`Segments<transport_sharedMemory_concepts_segment>`, blocks of memory accessible from different processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`Segments<transport_sharedMemory_concepts_segment>`, blocks of memory accessible from different processes.
```
